to most their heroes risking their lives
for our country to us their husbands and
fathers too and like any wife we just
want to know that he's safe and he'll be
home again with his family soon
I don't want to be a 22 year old it up
my name is Molly gross and I know
something about life on the homefront as
an author motivational speaker comedian
and the wife of an Iraq war veteran my
passion is to stay connected with other
military wives I'm privileged with
unique access by the military which
allows me to travel to the bases where
my brides live to support them and to
help keep them motivated what about your
husband's family are you feeling
pressure from them or do you get along
with them or what come on let's just get
it out I love my mother other times it
means sharing my experience and
sometimes you just need your sisters you
need the other members of the silent
rage you need your band of bronze to
just be there not sort of trying to you
is it involved can't do civilian life
haha moving is too hard and sometimes
they just need someone to remind them
it's okay to laugh I love Molly gross
because she takes things that are
normally stressful new crappy situations
and she finds the humor in
get the facts about PTSD before your
husband comes home and don't just take
his word for it taking out the trash
does not bring back flashbacks Molly
definitely is one of us our lives are
like most other women we struggle to
balance marriage kids career and
friendships with one major difference
our husband's occupation I heard from a
couple of brides who are expecting their
first baby during their husbands next
deployment so that's kind of kind of
scary for me because my whole family
lives in Florida so I might be doing it
alone so I put together an impromptu
mommy and me playgroup with some
experience moms so that we could all
talk together so they know that they're
not alone I have something for the
entire time to keep me busy but then
it's like I would like him to be there
when he first starts to crawl and when
he first rolls over and you know if he
starts getting his teeth beforehand I
would really like my husband there for
that but she really helps us remember
that it'll all be okay in the end we'll
all be there for each other I'm checking
in on some of my newlyweds who are going
through their first deployment I want to
see how they're doing and I grew up in a
military town nobody understands what
I'm going through I'm so sorry I know
what it is yes it was hard what would
you like um you have to be strong for
other people but you brought your girl
proud of you I'm still young by like the
rest of the world standard
I have a lot to do but I feel like I've
done so much already amen as a military
wife it's not about you it's about them
that's a big pill to swallow for a lot
of people we have our own unique in
private culture life on the homefront
just isn't what they make it look like
in the movies five of his friends have
been hurt kind of severely and one of
them has passed away so I'm really
nervous about it the truth is not
everyone can handle the lifestyle alone
I believe in owning your life and that's
why I do what I do whether I'm on base
with my brides or advising them from all
over the world online we all share a
common thread love of country and honor
for our spouses who serve we also rely
on the strength that we get from each
other and after working with all my
Brides on the many challenges they face
and getting them together and we're
putting the stress on hold for a night
of laughter and fun what Molly's meant
to me mostly has been I've been able to
laugh at the things that I've been
through that you normally just want to
sit down and cry about deployments
reunions and the laughter and the tears
that happen in between we get through it
all together as
you